Hi, guys, welcome.
That is lecture regular creative functionality to send the password reset linked to the user.
Okay, now to do this, I'm going to go back to our visa code.
Okay.
Now, if for any reason you can still do it, I think is defined, but hopefully if I should do it this
time, you're going to get the process.
Okay.
So this is where the log in users function and right of are all they.
Over here.
Okay.
Yeah.
So there's.
It's.
Right.
And this was the snack bar we created, whether we did it outside the arts, cultural or class.
So you don't see this.
It's up.
Or just what I'm just going to do.
I guess we'll take this to.
So far.
Okay.
Great.
So this is the.
This is where the log in users function ends.
So they're able to create another function and they're going to call this function forgot.
Password.
Right.
Okay.
Now we just have one field.
That is the email.
So over the past years, that field of I, it is a test.
So it is a data type of string.
Okay.
Now I'm going to pass in this sink since I'm going to be using the weights.
Great.
Now they're going to use the word the if.
And so before we do that, we can just create a variable to study possible error.
So you can see some.
Error occurred.
Okay.
They can see it wants us to type.
So this is a test.
Right.
So it is a type of string.
Okay.
Now we can use to try and catch.
Okay, great.
Now for the tri regular first check if the MFA is valid or not.
So you're going to use the if statements.
So we're going to see if email.
Yeah.
Is that is not and to make sure you don't type the is empty.
So you're going to face the same issue I was just before.
Okay.
If it is not empty, then we are going to see it.
It's so firebase.
It's right.
Then there's going to be Dodd's.
Said Password reset email server.
The power of the email.
You can see it automatically positive email.
Okay, so this is what I basically asked you to do.
So we can with this.
Right.
Okay.
So this was a task to do.
We can also get the river to Sussex.
So we can.
The rest is equal to.
So this is the reset link, as we've said since a visa.
Okay.
Now we can have the spots where they.
So evidence of race is required to.
Emails.
This because of what field you can just specify that this email email failed.
If I EOD if I EOD pro leak or it is valid email field was not b and to appear C no grades.
Okay.
Now, if for any reason this is not the issue, we just want to catch the hero.
So we're going to see race is equal to E!
That's just straight.
Right.
Then we can return.
Times.
RAZ.
Okay.
Great.
So this is basically is you can see similar to this.
The other different is we just have one field.
Right.
We just have one field.
So this is the wholly different.
You can also store this results.
So the results.
Sorry not the you can adjust or this results in a variable rate so you can store.
Oh sorry.
This results in a variable.
So as I see you are log in such a similar level, you can just leave it like this.
So this was what I asked you to do.
You can still do it openly.
You can do it now, right?
Because you need to master the process of natural understanding.
You need to try to master it.
Right.
So this basically is.
All right.
Okay.
So now in in this lecture, implement this.
But before we implement this, they really try to do this yourself.
I'm just going to show you what you're going to do if you're going to use control necessary this first.
So we're going to go to our forgot password, right?
Okay.
They know not to have access to this value.
You're going to create a controller for it.
So you're going to create a controller and you're going to buy it to the food, which I was showing
you before.
Then also, you can.
Make the function work you can implement, you can make that function.
We just created work.
So to do that, it's going to be similar to this.
So you can never know what we did there.
This is going to be similar to this log in function or log into user's function.
So just like this.
So try to implement this yourself.
Okay.
Okay, guys.
This big.